April 3rd, 2004.
- Added an auto-installer and and icon for the desktop in dtop_lnk.f
- Adapted the program for Win32Forth version 6.09.04.
  It will also run on Win32Forth version 4.2

April 13th, 2003.
Release information JuliaV4.3:
- Adapted and optimized for fmacro.f
  Most fractals are now 3.5 times faster.
- The fractals Snake and Tentacle are changed

September 10th, 2001.
Release information JuliaV4.21:
Changed the format of the file names.
Now you can also view a number of fractals with
the menu Play captured frames in the program scene.


June 24th, 2001.
Release information JuliaV4.2:
New features:
- swapping colors
- saving and loading parameters to or from an ini-file.
- saving a number of slides to several bmp-files and ini-files.
Saving to a bmp-file is done by redirecting set-dot to a bmp-file.
It is possible to generate huge bitmaps.

May 24, 1999.
Release information JuliaV4.1:
Added a Julia walker.
The name of the fractal appears in the window title.
Now you can also zoom into all the Julia fractals.
It is also possible to increase the number of details of a Julia fractal.
The zoom level will be used in the random slide show.

Februari 1, 1999.
Release information JuliaV4.0:
Made 16777216 colors available in stead of 342 colors.
All the fractals and the color-system had to be changed.
Some fractals got an other character.
The color system does not take significant GDI resources anymore.

The following suggestions came from Bruno Gauthier were changed:
The millenium-bug in dfact was solved.
The outerloop of the julia fractal and the mandelbrot were changed.

New words:
+red +blue +red +rgb


August 21, 1998.
Release information JuliaV39:
fto-cell +fto-cell farray fadump


August 21, 1998.
Release information JuliaV39:
Added a Mandelbrot fractal with the style of the Tiger on the inside of the
fractal. You can change the patterns and give the Mandelbrot Fractal a distortion.
The Mandelbrot-Tiger is added to the random slide show.

Other important improvements:
- Changed vert_zoom_out to prevent flipping.
- New function keys
   <b> Makes the inside of the fractal black.
   <c> Puts a colored pattern in the inside of the fractal.
   <d> Distorts the fractal. Use it several times.
   <e> Removes the distortion.  Use it several times.
   <p> Puts more patterns in the fractal. Use it several times.
   <q> Removes a pattern from the fractal. Use it several times.
- The Parameter windows uses now a resource file.
- Added the words bit! activate-bit and bit-active?

August 12, 1998.
Release information JuliaV38:
Added the classic Mandelbrot fractal.
The Mandelbrot includes smaller versions of itself which can be explored
to arbitrary levels of detail.

The formula was ported from a Pascal source and extended with
a Mandelbrot-walker for walking and zooming.
It uses floating-point arithmetic to compute a pixel.
So you can walk quite a long way.

Other improvements:
- Added +fto
- Changed the help text and the text files.

August 2, 1998.
Release information JuliaV37:
Added 2 plots to the program.
They use a changed formula of the Julia fractal.
I call the new plots Snake and Tentacle.
The new plots are asymmetrical with a certain balance.

Other improvements:
- Changed random-style for better random styles.
- Changed sounds into an execution vector

July 12, 1998.
Release information JuliaV36:
Changed the anti Julia in the Tiger and in the Cameleon.
The anti Julia uses more colors and can use the patterns of the Tiger.

Other improvements:
- Sometimes the popup menu and the window title became black.
  This bug has again been solved.

June 28, 1998.
Release information JuliaV35:

The extreme Julia and the Tiger are combined.

Other improvements:
- Cell-array is easyer to initialize
- Added +to-cell and cadump
- Again a better way to handle random styles and colors.
  The problem here was how to randomsize nonlineair numbers in such a way
  that the numbers which did not appear many times will appear.
  The random routine repeats some values more than others.
  Some values seldom appear.
  After some time I saw some colors used 6 times while
  other colors where not used.
  Solution: keep a tally of the used colors in an other array
  least-used will search for values which are least used within a certain range.
- Sometimes the popup menu and the window title became black.
  This bug has been solved.


May 31, 1998.
Release information JuliaV34:

In the new julia appears a number of different patterns which I can not
describe to you. I call the new Julia Tiger.

Other improvements:
- Thanks to Tom Zimmer you can tab trough the dialog window.
- A better way to handle random styles.
- Cell-array can handle 0.
- Changed the Cameleon a bit.


May 3, 1998.
Release information JuliaV33:

I discoverd the cameleon after a few experiments with the innerloop of
the extreme anti-julia.

It tries to hide it self in the fractal but you can still see it.
The Anti-julia gets the accent when it is in the picture.

Other improvements:
- Changed the dialog window.
- Added PLOT-POINT to graphics.f.
  PLOT-POINT uses floats to put a pixel somewhere on the screen.

April 30, 1998.
Release information JuliaV32:

- The random slide show became boring.
  Solution:
  1. Made an init-random for a random start.
  2. Added Julia Fractals in 3 different styles as an execution vector.
     They are: anti-julia, extreme and anti-julia-and-extreme.
  3. Changed the parameters.
  4. A random slide show will now use P1, P2 and the combination of
     the selected styles from the window parameters.

Note:
The anti-julia was hidden in the black part of the standard fractal.
The style extreme puts more colors in one fractal.

Other improvements:
- I needed color-palette-array again for random execution of an excution vector.
  color-palette-array was renamed to cell-array in toolset.f
- It looked like the program became stuck when the window was draged of
  the screen.
  Solution: Added WM_MOVE in the JuliaWindow.
- Solved 2 bugs in fvalue-to-string.
- Made the edit strings a bit bigger.

April 6th 2003
- 1.Adapted and optimized for fmacro.f
- 2.The Snake and the tentacle are changed.

April 9th 2012
   1) The speed is increased thanks to plotting to a dibsection (under assembler)
      in stead of using an expensive call to SetPixel
   2) Now the program will use all the hardware threads of your CPU to make a plot.
      Each thread handles its own section.
   The various sections of each thread are visible when you move the plot using the cursor-keys or
   when you load a complicated example like the MultiEyed fractal. ( Perhaps not when you have a very fast PC )
   The standard Julia in the previous version with the old SetPixel took 3.396 seconds.
   The times now are:
   Using 1 thread  and the new set-mdot: 0.556 second
   Using 8 threads and the new set-mdot: 0.172 second
   This program is now 19.74 times faster on my iCore7 using 8 threads.
   When a better CPU is used with more hardware threads then the program will be faster.
   3) The Program can be forced to use 1 thread only in the menu Options.
   4) The number of detected hardware threads in your PC can be seen in
      the Menu | Options | About the Program

June 15th, 2012.
  Adapted for the new wTask.

May 9, 2014.
  Added the option Uninterrupted calculations.
  Adapted for the new MultiTaskingClass.

September 4, 2016
  Adapted for Win32Forth version 6.15.04

September 21, 2018
  Adapted for Win32Forth version 6.15.05
Jos
